Spec/obsidian/States/Global State.md, before:

### Notes

### Variable Table
| Name | Description | Type | Symbol | Domain |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|[[Global State-Dummy\|Dummy]]|The dummy entity|[[Entity Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Qi Supply\|Qi Supply]]|The total supply of Qi|[[Qi Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Quai Supply\|Quai Supply]]|The total supply of Quai|[[Quai Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Locked Qi Supply\|Locked Qi Supply]]|The total supply of Qi that is locked|[[Qi Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Locked Quai Supply\|Locked Quai Supply]]|The total supply of Quai that is locked|[[Quai Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Block Number\|Block Number]]|The current block that the system is on|[[Block Number Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Block Difficulty\|Block Difficulty]]|The latest difficulty for blocks|[[Block Difficulty Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Converted Qi\|Historical Converted Qi]]|An array of the conversions from Qi to Quai. The Qi Values will be negative in each entry and Quai values will be positive. Time is also logged in the entries of the array.|[[Conversions Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Converted Quai\|Historical Converted Quai]]|An array of the conversions from Quai to Qi. The Quai Values will be negative in each entry and Qi values will be positive. Time is also logged in the entries of the array.|[[Conversions Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Mined Ratio\|Historical Mined Ratio]]|An array of the historical ratios of mining between Qi and Quai which the miners had chosen at given times. 0 corresponds to 100% Qi, 1 corresponds to 100% Quai, number in between are the increments between those balances.|[[Mined Ratio Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Qi Hash\|Historical Qi Hash]]|An array of the historical amount of hash attributed to Qi in block rewards with block numbers attatched to each entry.|[[Hash Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Quai Hash\|Historical Quai Hash]]|An array of the historical amount of hash attributed to Quai in block rewards with block numbers attatched to each entry.|[[Hash Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-K Qi\|K Qi]]|The controller coeffecient for Qi.|[[Gain Type]]|||
|[[Global State-K Quai\|K Quai]]|The controller coeffecient for Quai.|[[Gain Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Quai Price\|Quai Price]]|The current price of Quai.|[[USD Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Qi Price\|Qi Price]]|The current price of Qi.|[[USD Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Simulation History Log\|Simulation History Log]]|The logged data from simulation history.|[[Simulation History Log Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Number of Regions\|Number of Regions]]|The current number of regions.|[[Number of Regions Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Zones per Region\|Zones per Region]]|The current number of zones in each region.|[[Zones per Region Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Time\|Time]]|The current time in the system.|[[Datetime Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Delta Time\|Delta Time]]|The amount of time covered in the current simulation epoch.|[[Delta Time Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Quai Unlock Schedule\|Quai Unlock Schedule]]|The schedule of Quai token unlocks that will happen in the future|[[Unlock Schedule Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Qi Unlock Schedule\|Qi Unlock Schedule]]|The schedule of Qi token unlocks that will happen in the future|[[Unlock Schedule Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Population Mining Beta Vector\|Population Mining Beta Vector]]|The population betas, not known to the controller|[[Mining Beta Vector Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Estimated Mining Beta Vector\|Estimated Mining Beta Vector]]|The controllers current estimation of the beta vector|[[Mining Beta Vector Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Estimated Scaled Mining Beta Vector\|Estimated Scaled Mining Beta Vector]]|The controllers current scaled estimation of the beta vector|[[Mining Beta Vector Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Logistic Classifier\|Logistic Classifier]]|The logistic classifier used for beta estimation|[[Logistic Classifier Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Mining Log\|Mining Log]]|The log of mined blocks|[[Simulation History Log Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Aggregate Hashpower\|Aggregate Hashpower]]|The current hashpower per second in the simulation|[[Hashpower per Second]]|||
|[[Global State-Mu\|Mu]]|EWMA of the best diff over log diff|[[Gain Type]]|||


## Updated By
### [[Increment Block Number Mechanism]]
### [[Update Block Difficulty Mechanism]]
### [[Increment Time Mechanism]]
### [[Log Mined Blocks Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Mined Ratio Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Qi Hash Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Quai Hash Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Converted Qi Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Converted Quai Mechanism]]
### [[Log Simulation Data Mechanism]]
### [[Mint Qi Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Mint Quai Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Burn Qi Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Burn Quai Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Update Prices Mechanism]]
### [[Update Prices Mechanism]]
### [[Update Locked Qi Mechanism]]
### [[Update Locked Quai Mechanism]]
### [[Set K Mechanism]]
### [[Set K Mechanism]]
### [[Set Estimated Beta Vector Mechanism]]
### [[Update Population Beta Mechanism]]
### [[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Append to Unlock Schedule Mechanism]]
### [[Append to Unlock Schedule Mechanism]]

Commit message:

Added a new state variable that determines the percentage of miners that are not mining in a round

Spec/obsidian/States/Global State.md, after:

### Notes

### Variable Table
| Name | Description | Type | Symbol | Domain |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|[[Global State-Dummy\|Dummy]]|The dummy entity|[[Entity Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Qi Supply\|Qi Supply]]|The total supply of Qi|[[Qi Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Quai Supply\|Quai Supply]]|The total supply of Quai|[[Quai Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Locked Qi Supply\|Locked Qi Supply]]|The total supply of Qi that is locked|[[Qi Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Locked Quai Supply\|Locked Quai Supply]]|The total supply of Quai that is locked|[[Quai Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Ratio of Miners not Mining\|Ratio of Miners not Mining]]|ratio of the miners in the network that are not mining|[[Ratio Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Block Number\|Block Number]]|The current block that the system is on|[[Block Number Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Block Difficulty\|Block Difficulty]]|The latest difficulty for blocks|[[Block Difficulty Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Converted Qi\|Historical Converted Qi]]|An array of the conversions from Qi to Quai. The Qi Values will be negative in each entry and Quai values will be positive. Time is also logged in the entries of the array.|[[Conversions Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Converted Quai\|Historical Converted Quai]]|An array of the conversions from Quai to Qi. The Quai Values will be negative in each entry and Qi values will be positive. Time is also logged in the entries of the array.|[[Conversions Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Mined Ratio\|Historical Mined Ratio]]|An array of the historical ratios of mining between Qi and Quai which the miners had chosen at given times. 0 corresponds to 100% Qi, 1 corresponds to 100% Quai, number in between are the increments between those balances.|[[Mined Ratio Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Qi Hash\|Historical Qi Hash]]|An array of the historical amount of hash attributed to Qi in block rewards with block numbers attatched to each entry.|[[Hash Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Historical Quai Hash\|Historical Quai Hash]]|An array of the historical amount of hash attributed to Quai in block rewards with block numbers attatched to each entry.|[[Hash Array Type]]|||
|[[Global State-K Qi\|K Qi]]|The controller coeffecient for Qi.|[[Gain Type]]|||
|[[Global State-K Quai\|K Quai]]|The controller coeffecient for Quai.|[[Gain Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Quai Price\|Quai Price]]|The current price of Quai.|[[USD Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Qi Price\|Qi Price]]|The current price of Qi.|[[USD Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Simulation History Log\|Simulation History Log]]|The logged data from simulation history.|[[Simulation History Log Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Number of Regions\|Number of Regions]]|The current number of regions.|[[Number of Regions Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Zones per Region\|Zones per Region]]|The current number of zones in each region.|[[Zones per Region Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Time\|Time]]|The current time in the system.|[[Datetime Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Delta Time\|Delta Time]]|The amount of time covered in the current simulation epoch.|[[Delta Time Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Quai Unlock Schedule\|Quai Unlock Schedule]]|The schedule of Quai token unlocks that will happen in the future|[[Unlock Schedule Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Qi Unlock Schedule\|Qi Unlock Schedule]]|The schedule of Qi token unlocks that will happen in the future|[[Unlock Schedule Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Population Mining Beta Vector\|Population Mining Beta Vector]]|The population betas, not known to the controller|[[Mining Beta Vector Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Estimated Mining Beta Vector\|Estimated Mining Beta Vector]]|The controllers current estimation of the beta vector|[[Mining Beta Vector Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Estimated Scaled Mining Beta Vector\|Estimated Scaled Mining Beta Vector]]|The controllers current scaled estimation of the beta vector|[[Mining Beta Vector Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Logistic Classifier\|Logistic Classifier]]|The logistic classifier used for beta estimation|[[Logistic Classifier Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Mining Log\|Mining Log]]|The log of mined blocks|[[Simulation History Log Type]]|||
|[[Global State-Aggregate Hashpower\|Aggregate Hashpower]]|The current hashpower per second in the simulation|[[Hashpower per Second]]|||
|[[Global State-Mu\|Mu]]|EWMA of the best diff over log diff|[[Gain Type]]|||


## Updated By
### [[Increment Block Number Mechanism]]
### [[Update Block Difficulty Mechanism]]
### [[Increment Time Mechanism]]
### [[Log Mined Blocks Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Mined Ratio Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Qi Hash Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Quai Hash Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Converted Qi Mechanism]]
### [[Update Historical Converted Quai Mechanism]]
### [[Log Simulation Data Mechanism]]
### [[Mint Qi Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Mint Quai Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Burn Qi Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Burn Quai Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Update Prices Mechanism]]
### [[Update Prices Mechanism]]
### [[Update Locked Qi Mechanism]]
### [[Update Locked Quai Mechanism]]
### [[Set K Mechanism]]
### [[Set K Mechanism]]
### [[Set Estimated Beta Vector Mechanism]]
### [[Update Population Beta Mechanism]]
### [[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
### [[Append to Unlock Schedule Mechanism]]
### [[Append to Unlock Schedule Mechanism]]
