Spec/obsidian/Spec Tree.md, before:

---
cssclasses:
  - spec
---

├──**Entities**
│   ├──[[Global]]
├──**State**
│   ├──[[Global State]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Dummy\|Dummy]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Qi Supply\|Qi Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Quai Supply\|Quai Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Locked Qi Supply\|Locked Qi Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Locked Quai Supply\|Locked Quai Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Block Number\|Block Number]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Block Difficulty\|Block Difficulty]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Converted Qi\|Historical Converted Qi]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Converted Quai\|Historical Converted Quai]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Mined Ratio\|Historical Mined Ratio]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Qi Hash\|Historical Qi Hash]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Quai Hash\|Historical Quai Hash]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-K Qi\|K Qi]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-K Quai\|K Quai]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Quai Price\|Quai Price]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Qi Price\|Qi Price]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Simulation History Log\|Simulation History Log]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Number of Regions\|Number of Regions]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Zones per Region\|Zones per Region]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Time\|Time]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Delta Time\|Delta Time]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Quai Unlock Schedule\|Quai Unlock Schedule]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Qi Unlock Schedule\|Qi Unlock Schedule]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Population Mining Beta Vector\|Population Mining Beta Vector]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Estimated Mining Beta Vector\|Estimated Mining Beta Vector]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Estimated Scaled Mining Beta Vector\|Estimated Scaled Mining Beta Vector]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Logistic Classifier\|Logistic Classifier]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Mining Log\|Mining Log]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Aggregate Hashpower\|Aggregate Hashpower]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Mu\|Mu]]
├──**Stateful Metrics**
│   ├──Circulating Stateful Metrics
│   │   ├──[[Circulating Quai Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Circulating Qi Supply]]
│   ├──Lockup Stateful Metrics
│   │   ├──[[Current Lockup Options]]
├──**Types**
│   ├──[[Entity Type]]
│   ├──[[Block Number Type]]
│   ├──[[Block Difficulty Type]]
│   ├──[[Hash Type]]
│   ├──[[Block Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Hashpower per Second]]
│   ├──[[Hash Cumulative Sum Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Block Difficulty Multiples Type]]
│   ├──[[Number of Regions Type]]
│   ├──[[Zones per Region Type]]
│   ├──[[Mining Epoch Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Mined Blocks Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Mining Beta Vector Type]]
│   ├──[[Delta Time Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Conversions Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Mined Ratio Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Hash Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Mined Ratio Type]]
│   ├──[[Gain Type]]
│   ├──[[USD Type]]
│   ├──[[Quai Type]]
│   ├──[[Qi Type]]
│   ├──[[Ratio Type]]
│   ├──[[Datetime Type]]
│   ├──[[Decimal Type]]
│   ├──[[Delta Time Type]]
│   ├──[[Seconds Type]]
│   ├──[[Integer Type]]
│   ├──[[Float Type]]
│   ├──[[Quai Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Qi Array Type]]
│   ├──[[String Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Vector Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Simulation History Log Type]]
│   ├──[[Token Name Type]]
│   ├──[[Token Amount Type]]
│   ├──[[Return Parameterization Type]]
│   ├──[[USD Array Type]]
│   ├──[[PID Parameters Type]]
│   ├──[[Logistic Classifier Type]]
│   ├──[[Vesting Schedule Type]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Schedule Type]]
│   ├──[[Lockup Table Type]]
├──**Spaces**
│   ├──[[Terminating Space]]
│   ├──[[Empty Space]]
│   ├──[[Block Reward Options Space]]
│   ├──[[Block Difficulty Space]]
│   ├──[[Block Reward Space]]
│   ├──[[Mined Ratio Space]]
│   ├──[[Qi Hash Space]]
│   ├──[[Quai Hash Space]]
│   ├──[[Pre-Mining Space]]
│   ├──[[Mined Blocks Space]]
│   ├──[[Hash Space]]
│   ├──[[Mined Blocks Space 2]]
│   ├──[[Quai Space]]
│   ├──[[Qi Space]]
│   ├──[[Conversion Space]]
│   ├──[[Conversion Log Space]]
│   ├──[[Observable State Space]]
│   ├──[[K Space]]
│   ├──[[Beta Vector Space]]
│   ├──[[Price Movement Space]]
│   ├──[[Price Space]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Tokens Space]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Schedule Entry Space]]
├──**Parameters**
│   ├──Market Parameter Set
│   │   ├──[[Minimum Quai Conversion Amount]]
│   │   ├──[[Minimum Qi Conversion Amount]]
│   │   ├──[[Asset Return Parameterization]]
│   │   ├──[[Price EWMA Lambda]]
│   │   ├──[[Hashpower Cost Series]]
│   │   ├──[[Qi Price Movemement Sigma]]
│   │   ├──[[Quai Price Movemement Sigma]]
│   │   ├──[[Speculator Percentage]]
│   │   ├──[[Conversion Percentage Mu]]
│   │   ├──[[Conversion Percentage Sigma]]
│   │   ├──[[Maximum Conversion Rate]]
│   ├──Controller Parameter Set
│   │   ├──[[PID Parameterization]]
│   │   ├──[[Initial Block Difficulty]]
│   │   ├──[[Controller Alpha Parameter]]
│   │   ├──[[State Update Skipping Parameter]]
│   │   ├──[[Population Beta Signal]]
│   │   ├──[[Minimum K Qi]]
│   │   ├──[[Minimum K Quai]]
│   ├──Mining Parameter Set
│   │   ├──[[Block Difficulty Multiples]]
│   │   ├──[[Target Mining Time]]
│   │   ├──[[Quai Reward Base Parameter]]
│   │   ├──[[Aggregate Hashpower Series]]
│   │   ├──[[Difficulty Adjustment Period]]
│   │   ├──[[Difficulty Randomness Sigma]]
│   │   ├──[[Difficulty Randomness Mu]]
│   │   ├──[[Probability of Rational Miners]]
│   ├──Vesting Parameter Set
│   │   ├──[[Initial Vesting Schedule]]
│   │   ├──[[Lockup Options]]
├──**Boundary Actions**
│   ├──[[Mine Block Boundary Action]]
│   ├──[[DO NOT USE Print Hello Boundary Action]]
│   ├──[[Conversions Boundary Action]]
│   ├──[[Price Movements Boundary Action]]
│   ├──[[Update Population Beta Boundary Action]]
├──**Control Actions**
│   ├──[[Placeholder]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Tokens Control Action]]
├──**Policies**
│   ├──[[Block Reward Policy]]
│   ├──[[Mining Payment Policy]]
│   ├──[[Mining Policy]]
│   ├──[[Mezzanine Wiring Passthrough]]
│   ├──[[Conversions Policy]]
│   ├──[[Price Movements Policy]]
│   ├──[[Controller Update Policy]]
│   ├──[[Beta Estimation Policy]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Tokens Policy]]
│   ├──[[Update Population Beta Policy]]
├──**Mechanisms**
│   ├──[[Increment Block Number Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Block Difficulty Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Increment Time Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Log Mined Blocks Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Mined Ratio Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Qi Hash Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Quai Hash Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Converted Qi Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Converted Quai Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Log Simulation Data Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Mint Qi Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Mint Quai Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Burn Qi Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Burn Quai Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Prices Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Locked Qi Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Locked Quai Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Set K Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Set Estimated Beta Vector Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Population Beta Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Append to Unlock Schedule Mechanism]]

Commit message:

Added a new state variable that determines the percentage of miners that are not mining in a round

Spec/obsidian/Spec Tree.md, after:

---
cssclasses:
  - spec
---

├──**Entities**
│   ├──[[Global]]
├──**State**
│   ├──[[Global State]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Dummy\|Dummy]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Qi Supply\|Qi Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Quai Supply\|Quai Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Locked Qi Supply\|Locked Qi Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Locked Quai Supply\|Locked Quai Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Ratio of Miners not Mining\|Ratio of Miners not Mining]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Block Number\|Block Number]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Block Difficulty\|Block Difficulty]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Converted Qi\|Historical Converted Qi]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Converted Quai\|Historical Converted Quai]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Mined Ratio\|Historical Mined Ratio]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Qi Hash\|Historical Qi Hash]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Historical Quai Hash\|Historical Quai Hash]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-K Qi\|K Qi]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-K Quai\|K Quai]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Quai Price\|Quai Price]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Qi Price\|Qi Price]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Simulation History Log\|Simulation History Log]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Number of Regions\|Number of Regions]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Zones per Region\|Zones per Region]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Time\|Time]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Delta Time\|Delta Time]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Quai Unlock Schedule\|Quai Unlock Schedule]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Qi Unlock Schedule\|Qi Unlock Schedule]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Population Mining Beta Vector\|Population Mining Beta Vector]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Estimated Mining Beta Vector\|Estimated Mining Beta Vector]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Estimated Scaled Mining Beta Vector\|Estimated Scaled Mining Beta Vector]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Logistic Classifier\|Logistic Classifier]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Mining Log\|Mining Log]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Aggregate Hashpower\|Aggregate Hashpower]]
│   │   ├──[[Global State-Mu\|Mu]]
├──**Stateful Metrics**
│   ├──Circulating Stateful Metrics
│   │   ├──[[Circulating Quai Supply]]
│   │   ├──[[Circulating Qi Supply]]
│   ├──Lockup Stateful Metrics
│   │   ├──[[Current Lockup Options]]
├──**Types**
│   ├──[[Entity Type]]
│   ├──[[Block Number Type]]
│   ├──[[Block Difficulty Type]]
│   ├──[[Hash Type]]
│   ├──[[Block Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Hashpower per Second]]
│   ├──[[Hash Cumulative Sum Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Block Difficulty Multiples Type]]
│   ├──[[Number of Regions Type]]
│   ├──[[Zones per Region Type]]
│   ├──[[Mining Epoch Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Mined Blocks Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Mining Beta Vector Type]]
│   ├──[[Delta Time Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Conversions Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Mined Ratio Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Hash Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Mined Ratio Type]]
│   ├──[[Gain Type]]
│   ├──[[USD Type]]
│   ├──[[Quai Type]]
│   ├──[[Qi Type]]
│   ├──[[Ratio Type]]
│   ├──[[Datetime Type]]
│   ├──[[Decimal Type]]
│   ├──[[Delta Time Type]]
│   ├──[[Seconds Type]]
│   ├──[[Integer Type]]
│   ├──[[Float Type]]
│   ├──[[Quai Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Qi Array Type]]
│   ├──[[String Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Vector Array Type]]
│   ├──[[Simulation History Log Type]]
│   ├──[[Token Name Type]]
│   ├──[[Token Amount Type]]
│   ├──[[Return Parameterization Type]]
│   ├──[[USD Array Type]]
│   ├──[[PID Parameters Type]]
│   ├──[[Logistic Classifier Type]]
│   ├──[[Vesting Schedule Type]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Schedule Type]]
│   ├──[[Lockup Table Type]]
├──**Spaces**
│   ├──[[Terminating Space]]
│   ├──[[Empty Space]]
│   ├──[[Block Reward Options Space]]
│   ├──[[Block Difficulty Space]]
│   ├──[[Block Reward Space]]
│   ├──[[Mined Ratio Space]]
│   ├──[[Qi Hash Space]]
│   ├──[[Quai Hash Space]]
│   ├──[[Pre-Mining Space]]
│   ├──[[Mined Blocks Space]]
│   ├──[[Hash Space]]
│   ├──[[Mined Blocks Space 2]]
│   ├──[[Quai Space]]
│   ├──[[Qi Space]]
│   ├──[[Conversion Space]]
│   ├──[[Conversion Log Space]]
│   ├──[[Observable State Space]]
│   ├──[[K Space]]
│   ├──[[Beta Vector Space]]
│   ├──[[Price Movement Space]]
│   ├──[[Price Space]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Tokens Space]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Schedule Entry Space]]
├──**Parameters**
│   ├──Market Parameter Set
│   │   ├──[[Minimum Quai Conversion Amount]]
│   │   ├──[[Minimum Qi Conversion Amount]]
│   │   ├──[[Asset Return Parameterization]]
│   │   ├──[[Price EWMA Lambda]]
│   │   ├──[[Hashpower Cost Series]]
│   │   ├──[[Qi Price Movemement Sigma]]
│   │   ├──[[Quai Price Movemement Sigma]]
│   │   ├──[[Speculator Percentage]]
│   │   ├──[[Conversion Percentage Mu]]
│   │   ├──[[Conversion Percentage Sigma]]
│   │   ├──[[Maximum Conversion Rate]]
│   ├──Controller Parameter Set
│   │   ├──[[PID Parameterization]]
│   │   ├──[[Initial Block Difficulty]]
│   │   ├──[[Controller Alpha Parameter]]
│   │   ├──[[State Update Skipping Parameter]]
│   │   ├──[[Population Beta Signal]]
│   │   ├──[[Minimum K Qi]]
│   │   ├──[[Minimum K Quai]]
│   ├──Mining Parameter Set
│   │   ├──[[Block Difficulty Multiples]]
│   │   ├──[[Target Mining Time]]
│   │   ├──[[Quai Reward Base Parameter]]
│   │   ├──[[Aggregate Hashpower Series]]
│   │   ├──[[Difficulty Adjustment Period]]
│   │   ├──[[Difficulty Randomness Sigma]]
│   │   ├──[[Difficulty Randomness Mu]]
│   │   ├──[[Probability of Rational Miners]]
│   ├──Vesting Parameter Set
│   │   ├──[[Initial Vesting Schedule]]
│   │   ├──[[Lockup Options]]
├──**Boundary Actions**
│   ├──[[Mine Block Boundary Action]]
│   ├──[[DO NOT USE Print Hello Boundary Action]]
│   ├──[[Conversions Boundary Action]]
│   ├──[[Price Movements Boundary Action]]
│   ├──[[Update Population Beta Boundary Action]]
├──**Control Actions**
│   ├──[[Placeholder]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Tokens Control Action]]
├──**Policies**
│   ├──[[Block Reward Policy]]
│   ├──[[Mining Payment Policy]]
│   ├──[[Mining Policy]]
│   ├──[[Mezzanine Wiring Passthrough]]
│   ├──[[Conversions Policy]]
│   ├──[[Price Movements Policy]]
│   ├──[[Controller Update Policy]]
│   ├──[[Beta Estimation Policy]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Tokens Policy]]
│   ├──[[Update Population Beta Policy]]
├──**Mechanisms**
│   ├──[[Increment Block Number Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Block Difficulty Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Increment Time Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Log Mined Blocks Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Mined Ratio Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Qi Hash Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Quai Hash Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Converted Qi Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Historical Converted Quai Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Log Simulation Data Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Mint Qi Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Mint Quai Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Burn Qi Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Burn Quai Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Prices Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Locked Qi Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Locked Quai Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Set K Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Set Estimated Beta Vector Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Update Population Beta Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Unlock Tokens Mechanism]]
│   ├──[[Append to Unlock Schedule Mechanism]]
